Create preview builds for publishing to npm and VS Code marketplace (#876)
microsoft/typescript-go: README.md

[Not sure what this is? Read the announcement post!](https://devblogs.microsoft.com/typescript/typescript-native-port/)

## Preview

> A preview build is available on npm as `@typescript/native-preview`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A preview build will soon be available on npm as `@typescript/native-preview`.
```

```sh
npm install @typescript/native-preview
npx tsgo # Use this as you would tsc.
```

> A preview VS Code extension is [available on the VS Code marketplace](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=TypeScriptTeam.native-preview).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A preview VS Code extension will soon be [available on the VS Code marketplace](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=TypeScriptTeam.native-preview).
```
